Document inline arrays and more unit tests (#985)
handsontable/hyperformula: docs/guide/known-limitations.md

| Enabling array arithmetic                          | =ARRAYFORMULA(A2:A5*B2:B5)                                                | By default, array arithmetic is disabled globally.<br><br>The ARRAYFORMULA function enables array arithmetic for the formula inside the function.<br><br>To enable array arithmetic globally, [set the `useArrayArithmetic` option to `true`](../api/interfaces/configparams.html#usearrayarithmetic). | By default, array arithmetic is disabled globally.<br><br>The ARRAYFORMULA function enables array arithmetic inside the function. | By default, array arithmetic is enabled globally.        |

> | Cell references inside inline arrays               | ={A1, A2}                                                                 | Array value calculated but not updated on cell values changes.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Array value calculated and updated on cell values changes.                                                                        | ERROR - invalid array                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Cell references inside inline arrays               | ={A1, A2}                                                                 | The array's value is calculated but not updated when the cells' values change.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | The array's value is calculated and updated when the cells' values change.                                                                        | ERROR: invalid array                                    |
```

Author: Suggestion applied
